hello I'm Carly the Morga my full name
is Carlos Alberto martini the muda he's
so long but I like my name
I'm from Cadiz 9 23 years old I play
many position in a scout I play midfield
or right back left back this defensive
dynamo has been a welcome addition to
the Oscars liner
now let the swab fill Spanish tell you
more about himself my mom is so funny
because she she lived in Spain for 26 27
years but she cannot to speak good
Spanish she have many too much awesome
um my brother and me always though
joking with my him have my dad is is
from Spain he's very very good person
he he he don't like football before he
don't like football he never played
football but when me and my brother
started to play football now he loved
football
he is my my first fan when I finished my
game I always call him and say I had hi
dad how you see me
it's okay and they all you'll do this
good you do this but he helped me a lot
I only have one brother and I have a
very very very good relation with it's
my brother we always stay together we
play football together I play football
because he play football
my brother is like my idol if my brother
come here for play oh my god I'm the the
guy more happy in the world
I get born in Cadiz and I go up also in
Cadiz I can say I have too much slack
because the south of Spain is is very
nice and also the weather is is very
nice the beach you know in the north of
Spain in winter is so cold but in the
south the weather is very good the beach
iö which in Spain all the summer I stay
in the beach but last December I go to
palawan and I see the beach in Palawan
oh my god I don't want to go more to the
beach in display when I play against
galaxy le galaxy in Spain is like 4:00
in the morning or fight my brother is
sleeping and my mom is watching the game
and I have one option for school but the
ball is very very near the coast oh my
god oh my god somebody else a in the
room of my brother
I wonder